Improving documentation for PAYG integration (#2231)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/connect-payg.adoc

{productname} server uses credentails collected from the instance to connect to the RMT server and to download the packages using reposync.
These credentials are refreshed every 10 minutes by taskomatic using the defined SSH connection data. Connection to RMT server always uses the last known authentication credentials collected from the {payg} instance.

> Up-to-date status of the {payg} instance credentials collect is shown in the column [literal]``Status`` or on the instance details page.

Reviewer: Wondering whether we can delete the expression "up to date" here?

Reviewer 2: "The latest status of the {payg} instance credentials collect is show in....

> Up-to-date status of the {payg} instance credentials collect is shown in the column [literal]``Status`` or on the instance details page.

Author: ```suggestion
The status of the {payg} instance credentials collect is shown in the column [literal]``Status`` or on the instance details page.
```

{payg} instance may not be accessible from the {productname} server at all times.

* If the instance exists, but is stopped, the last known credentials will be used to try to connect to the instance. 
    How long the credentials remain valid depends on the cloud provider.

* If the instance no longer exists, but is still registered with SUMA, its credentials are no longer valid and the authentication will fail.
    The error message is shown in the column Status. 
+
[WARNING]
====
The error message only indicates that the instance is not available. 
Further diagnostics about the status of the instance needs to be done on the cloud provider. 
====

== Registering {payg} system as a client

You can register a {payg} instance from where you harvest the credentials as a {salt} client.
The instance needs to have a valid cloud connection registered, otherwise it will not have access to channels.
If the user removes the cloud packages, the credentials harvesting may stop working.

First set up the {payg} instance to collect authentication data, so it can synchronize the channels.

> The rest of the process is the same as for any non-public-cloud client and consists of synchronizing channels, automatic bootstrap scriptcreation, activation key creation and starting the registeration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the process is the same as for any non-public-cloud client and consists of synchronizing channels, automatic bootstrap script creation, activation key creation and starting the registration.
```

For more about registering clients, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

[IMPORTANT]
====
Any of the following actions or changes in the {payg} instance will lead to credentials stopping to work:

* removing zypper credentials files
* removing the imported certificates

> * remove cloud-specific entries from [path]``/etc/hosts``

Reviewer: Why writing "remove" here?

> * remove cloud-specific entries from [path]``/etc/hosts``

Author: ```suggestion
* removing cloud-specific entries from [path]``/etc/hosts``
```

====

== Troubleshooting 

> Checking the credentils::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checking the credentials::
```

> * If the script fails to collect the credentials, it should provide an proper error message in the logs and in the {webui}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the script fails to collect the credentials, it should provide a proper error message in the logs and in the {webui}.
```

{payg} instance may not be accessible from the {productname} server at all times.

* If the instance exists, but is stopped, the last known credentials will be used to try to connect to the instance. 
    How long the credentials remain valid depends on the cloud provider.

* If the instance no longer exists, but is still registered with SUMA, its credentials are no longer valid and the authentication will fail.
    The error message is shown in the column Status. 
+
[WARNING]
====
The error message only indicates that the instance is not available. 
Further diagnostics about the status of the instance needs to be done on the cloud provider. 
====

== Registering {payg} system as a client

You can register a {payg} instance from where you harvest the credentials as a {salt} client.
The instance needs to have a valid cloud connection registered, otherwise it will not have access to channels.
If the user removes the cloud packages, the credentials harvesting may stop working.

> Using [literal]``registercloudguest``::

Author: Done.

* Refreshing or changing the [literal]``registercloudguest`` connection to the public cloud update infrastructure should not interfere with the credentials usage.

> * Running [literal]```registercloudguest --clean`` can cause problems if no new cloud connection is registered with the cloud guest command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Running [literal]```registercloudguest --clean`` will cause problems if no new cloud connection is registered with the cloud guest command.
```

    The error message is shown in the column Status. 
+
[WARNING]
====
The error message only indicates that the instance is not available. 
Further diagnostics about the status of the instance needs to be done on the cloud provider. 
====

== Registering {payg} system as a client

You can register a {payg} instance from where you harvest the credentials as a {salt} client.

First set up the {payg} instance to collect authentication data, so it can synchronize the channels.

The rest of the process is the same as for any non-public-cloud client and consists of synchronizing channels, automatic bootstrap scriptcreation, activation key creation and starting the registeration.

For more about registering clients, see xref:client-configuration:registration-overview.adoc[].

[IMPORTANT]
====
* The instance needs to have a valid cloud connection registered, otherwise it will not have access to channels.

* If the user removes the cloud packages, the credentials harvesting may stop working.

* Running `registercloudguest --clean` can cause problems if no new cloud connection is registered with the cloud guest command.

> * Refreshing or changing the [litera;]``registercloudguest`` connection to the public cloud update infrastructure is fine.  << OM: what does ``fine`` mean?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Refreshing or changing the [litera;]``registercloudguest`` connection to the public cloud update infrastructure should not interfere with the credentials usage.
```

====

== {payg} connector process

{payg} connector process uses:

* files stored in [path]``/etc/zypp/credentials`` 
* certificate that should alredy exist on the machine (instance?). This certificate is added by the cloud infrastructure.
* an entry in the machine's [literal]``hosts``file that is needed for the cloud plugin to work. It is automatically set by the installed cloud packages.

With this information available, a zypper plugin is invoked to get a valid authentication header.
(OM: I need a sentence here to bridge the {payg} connector and the authentication header.)

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * Removing the zypper credentials or the imported certificate,  it (what is IT - the connector?) will stop working.

Reviewer 3: This section about "== {payg} connector process" I think can be replaced by a warning or suggestion.
 
```suggestion
Any of the following actions/changes in the payg instance will lead to credentials stopping to work:
* Remove zypper credentials files
* Remove the imported certificates
* Remove cloud-specific entries from `/etc/hosts`
* Stop the service named "??"
```
